I'm detective lieutenant Elliot and this
is trooper Wagner we just want to ask a
few questions
we understand none of his demise the
family have gathered to celebrate your
father's 85th birthday
how was it hello the party pre my dad's
death it was great
ladies and gentlemen I would like to
request that you all stay until the
investigation is completed
what can we ask why has something
changed no no it hasn't changed or no we
can't ask one of his family walls is
that what you're suggesting
[Music]
you are loved twisting the knife into
one another up your ass
oh very perfect eat how's that
eat definitely eat
you know something spill it
I suspect foul play
I have eliminated no suspects
it's a twisted web we are not finished
untangling that not yet what is this
CSI KFC
[Applause]
DMS a nice-looking car yeah thanks
back in the day the girls loved it turn
it over how the hell did you do that
I designed it you're John DeLorean
aren't you Shakespeare writes a play he
at least gets put his name on it
I might do that yet ladies and gentlemen
the most successful auto executive in
living memory mr. John DeLorean it is my
great pleasure to present to you the
DeLorean Motor cause it's like science
fiction it's the future look at a cash
flow problem I need to raise thirty
million dollars in the next 10 days can
you help me Jim one thing I've learned
is that there is a deal to be made
always that husband of yours is quite
the charmer only until you get to know
him what is that I work for the FBI
you're in the FBI like a spy you're a
spy they would classify me as an
informant
you worked with us on this we bring him
in to come Frank Don de Lorean
30 million okay check check check hi I
was looking for John wants to know check
please go check yeah thank you
your moments away from being a very rich
man you owe us we don't know you I will
be remembered my car will be remembered
John is your friend don't do this John
history is written by the victors John
what are you doing if you haven't signed
up yet what are you waiting for
special agent in charge I like that and
I really like your suit
you look great you're the best-dressed
guy here you know that
still talking the inference it's
complicated
many idea when we first got together we
were different people the game
[Music]
grandpa Anthony this is a Martha and
Bethany the suspense grandfather meet
you
morning sort of budging on you you're
not barging he's barging my little
Walker yeah did you guys see Spencer
Vicki went back in we gotta go get him
[Music]
huh what who are you oh my god you're
Spencer's grandfather
are we in Florida Thank You Milo Walker
did I turn into some kind of a small
muscular boy scout are we dead it sure
feels good now look at my thighs okay
you have some issues here the game is
busted who's the game I'm not yet I
don't wonder yet
welcome to Jumanji
this next venture is even more
challenging and remember future of
Jumanji is in your hands I have one
important question who is Jumanji as
that barbers boy we're gonna die we did
that are we in hell and
[Music]
in the Sam
what the hell is to suit your strengths
and weaknesses smoldering intensity it's
this stupid face you make huh
he's gone oh you having a heart attack
breathe breathe this whole left side is
shutting down
Eddie pretty watch it's a donkey trying
to have sex with the phone box it's
pretty funny
hot but you watch that Oh what did you
watch them Beauty kids you're gonna have
to take dad we just come off for 17
hours shoots we haven't even slept yet
you change forever
what did you do to me
oh you gotta be kidding me helen doron
increments demonize black house
come again recently some evil son of a
worked out a way to blast demons
inside the internet now they can get you
through your phones
you're either coming with us
she's been killing all the necromancers
in the city
okay I copped that money is not an
option any of us
[Music]
[Applause]
three
[Music]
suck on this
oh how do I look good really good in the
car
we're all go now you I said we're all
going
you do want me to do that housing
survival 64
[Applause]
[Music]
Yona war allow me to read Deus myself my
name is home there's two of them a two
billion dollars worth of us if the three
of us don't work together
billions of people will die your sisters
one of the toughest baddest
most capable women I've ever encountered
no one could do it I've got a girl I see
will you do it you think I'm stupid
of course I think you're stupid
never cleaned a plane sword
[Music]
we're gonna need cars and guns oh I can
handle that part I'm sorry to bring this
here mama
Luke this is your home
go away cool you're gonna get one style
more an ass whoopee Superman
there comes a crimson eyes never keeps
hot this is no good we're going for a
ride
like movie directors welcome to my
island mother allow me to reduce myself
my name is
[Music]
I got me bad issues with your brother I
her first our relationship was
complicated it was all my fault
his brother
Isaac's been dead for over a year but I
never saw his body now I have a
situation I know it sounds crazy he's at
my house right now with Sam I just can't
believe you're here we thought you were
dead
maybe I was
you do we got the perfect life here
don't you bro
Isaac you're bleeding my brother's not
in a good way I don't know what he got
himself mixed up okay it seemed
different I think something for us are
you certain it's him I'm hearing things
I'm seeing things faces what are you
doing demons they're coming after me
because it was Jake what is going on do
you think I'm making this up the only
thing that burns in hell they're all in
order to use the part of yourself
but refuses to let go
you will see bevels tearing your life
apart my name is Melinda people don't
usually give me the chance to get to
know me hey Diane left again without
cleaning the bathrooms already stalking
that's okay I'll do it
excuse me sir it's against the rules
just about near Punk
what do you think I take this and stick
it in a pump I wasn't trying to be mean
to you
how are you Melinda everything good
tonight
Melinda what the hell are you doing you
are so creepy okay
everything inside both the registers and
everything in the safe
what's your plan not even supposed to be
here it's too late is there anyone else
in here with you you gotta let me out of
here okay I'm not gonna hurt you I know
you're lying to me the second I entire I
know you're gonna kill me why do you
keep crying is everything all right yes
you keep asking me that Mike keeps
having you yes let's get out of here
while we still can together walk your
mind it's very possible
[Music]
I burn myself all the time it's not a
bad thing fire just forces things to
change really fast music on without
vision you can't actually exceed let's
hope for this whole he's a driver
without a dream five cheeseburgers five
children there's a sprinkle of cocaine
they don't have cocaine now we're over
to cop before however taking a bullet
for someone think by the time a gun is
fired that you couldn't jump in front of
a bullet no I'm starting to question
together they're taking crime you cannot
leave him in my car this isn't over for
know don't act like you know what uber
pool is on July 12 you can do it
saving the day
we'll take a pair
[Music]
Jiali you've messed with the wrong
overdrive
Bautista
[Music]
technically for you before I got shot
net rhetorical question you tickets on
sale now ready to die
Sean's back but there's a new arrival in
town Lola
who's a little alien she's about to
discover that our world is pretty sweet
[Music]
but she's far from home and in big
trouble to help her get back they'll
need to outsmart the bad guys
be prepared stay focused and stick to
the plan let the creators of chicken run
take you on an adventure
that's out of this world
get ready for a close encounter of the
Third Kind
Farmageddon a Shaun the Sheep movie you
know you can tell when you're the
world's greatest spy Lance Stirling
everyone knows the name
[Music]
don't take the law so hard I mean you
got to meet lance sterling
[Music]
thank you thank you Chris - is too much
it's probably the right amount still go
back to working at home it is gonna
change spying forever
it's called biodynamic concealment
imagine if I can make you wait for it
drawer please disappear disappear
disappear why are you saying it like
that for a fact that next generation
concealment tech you wouldn't happen to
have it on hand would you
I do happen to have it in hand show it
to me
sure um what can I offer you a drink I
got water drinkable meal to please me
mm-hmm
we had a drink Wow diet stuff has a
weird aftertaste
what's the tech well
it worked subject appears disoriented
what did you do hey Lance
look at me look at you I can't not look
at you Walter I can see my butt and your
face at the same time everywhere nobody
notices them girl it's the most perfect
form of I could take you better unburn
me right now that's it I'm not playing
with you I'm Bert I'm raising my voice I
probably shouldn't be raising my voice
at you I need you to unburnt me Walter
you bird it yourself
[Music]
you